# Add Integrations

Allow FounderGPT to utilize your account in a third-party service (i.e. allow FounderGPT to manage your Google Calendar, Gmail, etc.). Utilizes OAuth 2.0 PKCE flow (learn more [here](https://oauth.net/2/pkce/)). _Please contact us at gptfounder@gmail.com to get help with any questions about authorizing integrations using this flow._

Takes an authorization code, code verifier, and redirect URI after logging into the third-party service via OAuth PKCE, and saves the third-party token to the user's account, allowing FounderGPT to access the third-party service on the user's behalf.

### Endpoint

-   Method: `POST`
-   URL: `app.foundergpt.com/auth`
-   Authentication: Yes, required
    -   Provide the token (obtained from the sign-in endpoint) in the `Authorization` HTTP header, with typical Bearer token format.

### Request

-   Type: `JSON`
-   Fields:
    -   `code`
        -   type: `string`
        -   description: The authorization code provided by OAuth (after logging into the third-party service via PKCE flow).
    -   `code_verifier`
        -   type: `string`
        -   description: The code verifier generated by your client app (after logging into the third-party service via PKCE flow).
    -   `redirect_uri`
        -   type: `string`
        -   description: The redirect URI used by your client app (after logging into the third-party service via PKCE flow).

### Response

-   Type: `JSON`
-   Fields:
    -   `success`
        -   type: `boolean`
        -   description: Whether the token exchange was successful.
    -   `response`
        -   type: `string`
        -   description: Message regarding the success or failure of the token exchange.
    -   `error`
        -   type: `string`
        -   description: Error details if any error occurs or token exchange fails.
